Cognitive3D SDK Software License (the “SDK License”) Copyright (c)
2015-present CognitiveVR, Inc ("Cognitive3D")

With regard to the Cognitive3D Software:

This software and associated documentation files (the "Software") may only be
used in production, if you (and any entity that you represent) have agreed to,
and are in compliance with, the Cognitive3D Software License agreement, or
other agreement governing the use of the Software, as agreed by you and
Cognitive3D. Your rights to use the Software are subject to the rights and
obligations described in such Cognitive3D Software License agreement, or other
agreement governing the use of the Software, as agreed by you and Cognitive3D.
Subject to the foregoing sentence, you are free to modify this Software and
publish patches to the Software. You agree that Cognitive3D and/or its
licensors (as applicable) retain all right, title and interest in and to all
such modifications and/or patches, and all such modifications and/or patches
may only be used, copied, modified, displayed, distributed, or otherwise
exploited with a valid Cognitive3D Software License agreement. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, you may copy and modify the Software for development and
testing purposes, without requiring a license.  You agree that Cognitive3D
and/or its licensors (as applicable) retain all right, title and interest in
and to all such modifications. You hereby assign to Cognitive3D all of your
right, title and interest in and to any modifications to the Software and
waive in favour of Cognitive3D any moral or equivalent rights you may have in
such modifications. You are not granted any other rights beyond what is
expressly stated herein.  Subject to the foregoing, it is forbidden to copy,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.

For all third party components incorporated into the Cognitive3D Software,
those components are licensed under the original license provided by the owner
of the applicable component.
